In today's mantra, that Buddha meditates right in the sky, the big and beautiful, in body matter,
all the Buddha's bodies of every healing powers. And then as we chant the prayers,
and the Buddha sends so many blessings, light from the forehead, and the speech is central,
and as well as heart chakra, and from their bodies, emanating so many blessings, lights,
and beams of light, rain of light is coming all over the world, and every single living beings
are completely attracted with that light. Light, and it removes all the suffering, the difficulty,
troubles, all sicknesses, whatever they were, completely removed, not just that removed,
the cause of those sicknesses, deep down is three poisons, ignorance, attachment, and anger,
those are all removed. Really thinking that, so our kind of power of concentration and
compassion, and the blessings of Buddha, merging together, drawing that, have those kind of
high light with meditation, and then we chant these mantras. Each Buddha says, each Buddha is like,
we chant a different Buddha, but each Buddha also embodies all the Buddhas. It's not just single
individuals, they encompass all the Buddhas. That's why it's called embodiment of all the Buddhas.
Each Buddhas are embodiment of all the Buddhas.
[Singing]